Hello friends, my name is Sachin and
today I am bringing you a new video.
So friends, today we are going to talk
about the lives of such people. So
friends, as you might be aware of the name itself,
Hospital Fund means Hospital Delhi.
This is an explanation of Hospital Delhi. Friends, whenever you are
admitted to a hospital, it is not necessary
that you get money only for the treatment expenses.
If you take this plan, then
you get Delhi Gate benefit because
friends, what happens is that when you go for treatment, there are
many such things
which are non-medical items
like admin charges or
when you take admission in the hospital, then admission charge or
similar hand wash so, your alcohol
steps are done and there are many such charges
which your health insurance
company does not provide you. So in this case,
you have a Hospital Delhi Fund
or it is included in your plan, so you
can take it. If your previous health insurance
which you are running or the one you are looking to take does
not have such facility, then
you can also take this policy separately.
Friends, the advantage of this policy is that
you have many options to choose from, from a small amount to a large number of months.
And friends, it is not necessary that
you spend this money only on hospital treatment. It is possible that
when you
are admitted in the hospital, you
also need money to run the house. You are not able to go to your job,
you are not able to run your business,
your family may have faced a financial
problem. You will get the treatment expenses
from your previous policy or
whatever health insurance you have,
you have got health insurance from this company,
but the money to run the house, the
money for your children's education, which
you needed for that month when you are in
first class, then what will you do?
Friends, in such a situation, this policy is very cheap
and will be very useful for you. So,
watch this video completely so that you will understand completely. The
policy
works well. So friends,
before moving forward, let me tell you
that we have launched a new service.
We are
providing free consultancy to all our YouTube subscribers. If you  If you have any
previous health insurance or
any other insurance
about which you
want to take consultancy or want to get information about a new plan, then it is
free of cost for you.
So let's start with the review of this point.
So friends, first of all, let us talk about the
entries here.
Any healthy person between 18 years to 65 years
can buy this plan and along with it,
any child
whose age is above entry one-day can also buy it.
But to buy his policy, his
middle father will have to become another proposer.
Whoever is his legal guardian can
only become a proposer and he
can also get the child covered in this policy, but
this policy will have to be purchased separately for him. So
friends, if we talk about the policy options here, then
you will get only individual plans here. There is no option of any family floater plan available here.
One policy will work for a single person. Medical
tests can also be done here, friends. If you
suppose you already have any disease
or you have ever had a disease.  If you have had any surgery, then
your health checkup can be done there to
provide this policy. Along with this, if your
age is above 12 years, then also your
medical will be
busy, only after that the company will
provide you the policy. Friends, if we
talk about the policy option here,
then you can do this from ₹500 to ₹10,000, in
which you will get
many options like ₹1000, ₹2000, ₹3500, ₹1000,
so you can
choose any plan according to your pocket, that is,
whatever budget you need,
if you are a cost price, then think, suppose
you chose an option of ₹1000
and you are a hosteler for 10 days, then
you will get ₹10,000 per
day and the policy
plan option in this, you can do it from 5 days to
180 days, that is, it is discovery,
friends, 5 days to 180 days means this
policy plan  It is not that you want to
take a plan for 5 days of hospitalization
or 180 days, for those who will have 30 days in between, even
90 days will come, so friends, there are many
options in this, suppose you have taken the
option of a 30 day plan, that means you
have 30 days, now you want to be admitted for 10 days
in a stretch, 10-10-10, for the
whole year or you are
admitted for 30 days in one go, then this
plan will work for you,
if we talk about the policy period option, then here you can buy a one year
policy, a two year policy and a three year
policy, if you
buy these policies for a long time, then you will get a discount of 4% for 2 years
and 8
% for 3 years
in the premium,
so friends, if we talk about its benefits, then first of all
it has two base benefits, so the
first benefit is the cost benefit, that is the
hospitalization
cost-benefit, for which we are buying this policy,
your hospitalization  Whether it
is due to any disease or accidental injury,
you should have 24
hours of minimum hospitalization as per the relation you have chosen,
you will get the money for that here,
if you have
also chosen the cash benefit for Darshan who reaches the hospital due to accident, then
you should see that here if
you have to get admitted in the hospital due to an accident, then
you will get the upper hospital in Delhi as well as the
lower one because here
you are getting admitted, but along with that you have taken the
accidental benefit additionally,
hence you will get both the coverages, that is, if
we have taken a black of thousand rupees, then
here you will get 1000 rupees, here you will get 2000 rupees per
day, we
will discuss it later, you will understand it more easily
because let me explain it to you with an example, let me
talk about a stranger in this,
friends, these two of ours which I
told you were the base plan, now we will extend it a little bit  If you do this,
it means you have an
advance, you can also add an advance to it, so
you see which advances are
available to you, so let's discuss it. Is you can avail the
benefit
of intensive care? If you are admitted to the hospital as well as the
ICU for a few days, then you will
get the Delhi Gate benefit for that as well.
Similarly, if your hospitalization is
related to cancer and
you have gone to the hospital for cancer treatment, then
you will get additional tax benefit for that.
That is, if you had
chosen a plan of Rs 1000 and you
want to get treatment for cancer yourself, then you will get Rs 1000 for the
base plan and
you will get Rs 1000 extra for cancer as well.
If I talk in this way,
friends, there are many options available. Now if there is a
brain stroke hospitalization, then you can avail the benefit for
that too. If there is an organ
transplant due to that, then you
can avail the benefit of that as well. All the benefits of this, as
I have told you previously, that they are
You will keep getting additional money, in the same
way this advance will also work,
Hot Element Pressure Nagar Malviya ji, yes, if
you have hotel radiation due to disease, there is a cash
donation for that too, you can add daily test benefits for that too, if
you have a fracture
or you have a burn, okay,
second-degree, third degree, then
you will get cash benefit for that too,
see, it is treatment, that is, you have gone for treatment today, you have gone for
treatment in the morning and it is
possible that you get discharged from the hospital in the evening and
come home, then you will get the
money for one day, along with that,
suppose you are on dialysis
or not, where you have to take
day treatment of dialysis every week or twice a week, then
you will keep getting the
money in cash here accordingly, friends,
we will discuss a little more of this, there are some more
benefits here,
we will discuss that too, it is conveyance
benefits, friends, this is that benefit where
whenever your hotel reaction is
more than 10 days, then you  The company will
also deposit a lump sum of ten thousand rupees in your bank
account. Similarly, there
is ambulance cover, friends. In this,
if you have taken ambulance cover, then
during hospitalization, there will be
four charges for your ambulance, right? Or whatever charges you have to pay while
taking you from one hospital to another, then
according to the weight, it will not be applicable here,
but according to Everest, how many times
you need hospitalization and
there you need an ambulance, then this
benefit will also work for you there.
Friends, the child clear cash benefit is
such that you will get compensation in it.
Thank you. If you take children and you get
admitted, then here
you will also get an additional one rupee for the care of the children. So,
you can also take this benefit in it.
If you have children in your house and
you feel that I
need some extra money for their care, then you
can take this benefit in it.
Friends, there is a hospital attendant cadet benefit, see, along with you,
suppose where an attendant is
also needed, then you are also suffering a loss of
work and there is an attendant.  It is possible that
they too are facing loss of work, so
if you add them, then you will get money and
they will also get that money.
What happens under Compassionate and Visit is that
if suppose you are in one city and
you are undergoing treatment in another city, then
whatever travel expenses the immediate family members will have to incur to
see you, but there is a
condition here that you must be hospitalized for a minimum of three days, only then
you
can avail this benefit. So friends, let us
understand this with an example, so it will become
absolutely clear to you how the policy
works. Here we have
taken the example of Mr. Ashish, 39
years old, he has bought a policy,
under which he has taken the following options:
tax benefit of hospitalization,
benefit of accidental respiration,
he has taken the ICU option and
1 unit convey this benefit. So, the
total amount he had taken was a
cover of 30 days.  If I am
treated in the hospital for 24 hours, then I should be given
cover for it and along with that he had
chosen the option of ₹5000 birthday. Now due to the accident, he was
admitted in the hospital for the next 24 days and he was in ICU for 12 days, out of which four days were
there, so
now let us see how much money Ashish ji gets here. So
see, if
he had taken normal hospitalization here, then at the rate of
₹5000, I would have got ₹2000 for 12 days i.e. ₹
60,000 and here we would have had to pay ₹60,000.
If suppose he had got
accidental pollution along with normal pollution, then
he would have got ₹120,000
because the reason for admission here
is an accident. Similarly, if
he had ICU hospitalization, because
here he is admitted in ICU for four days, then at the rate of
₹5000 per day,
ICU also gets ₹20,000.
So if here  Let me add that
they also have a cover for normal house performance, if there
is an accident and if there is an issue, then by
combining these three, they get
Rs 1.40 lakh here. If I
talk about this entire example where
we have added four options, then if we have a
normal addition, Ashish ji will get Rs
60 thousand for which he will get Rs 60 thousand for accidental
hospitalization, along with which he will get Rs 20,000. He
also had a heart vibration,
due to which he will get Rs 20,000
and along with the conveyance benefit, if
he had taken the option, he will get Rs 10 thousand for that. So
friends, if
Ashish ji has undergone an operation in this video, then he will get
Rs 1.5 lakh. And if
you want to know the premium of this entire package in
which thousands of
options are invested, then see, I have calculated the premium on this case.
Ashish ji is 139 years old, so
his premium is Rs 3452, in which tax
is printed. So friends, you can see
how cheap the plan is and this
In a situation where, suppose you
need money in the hospital, how does it work? So
let's take a look and I'll
tell you how you
can get this money. So, friends, first of all,
whenever you are discharged from the hospital,
you get a discharge summary.
You have to send a copy of the detail summary to the company
and your bank account
details. For example, if you sent a cancelled cheque or a
copy of a friend's passbook, you will send this. Along with
it, you will get a claim form from their website.
Download it and
fill it out. If the company feels that
you need something else, they can ask for it. Right now, the
company only needs the train from distress summary and your bank account details. What you have to
send is this dress. This is clearly
mentioned here. This is the Hyderabad address. You
courier this paper here.
You can also send your claim intimation
on this number or by calling 180 2000
or by calling I-800.  You can also register
your plan here by visiting the website and
give intimation about it.
So friends, in this way, when you
send your documents, the
process of any reimbursement is of
maximum 14 days. If there is
no requirement of any edit allotment, then
within 14 days, whatever money is earned will be
deposited in your bank account. So
friends, there are some implications with every policy.
When you also
want to take a policy, then if
you have any disease with it, then there will be a
waiting period of 2 years for it.
After 2 years, if
you get admitted in the hospital due to that disease, then only
after that you will get this telecom benefit.
Similarly, there are some diseases
like cataract, hernia, joint
replacement, stones, sinus surgery.
Well, if
you get admitted in the hospital due to some such disease,
then also you will get its cover
only after 2 years, you will not get it earlier. Similarly, for the
first 30 days, this  The policy will not work
only if you have an accident,
in that case the policy will work only before 30 days,
otherwise for normal hospitalization also you will be
able to avail this benefit only after 30 days, if
suppose you have done any self-inflicted
harm to yourself, have
attempted suicide and you are dormant tomorrow, then
whatever you
stay for, whether it is 4 days, 10 days or 20 days, then
you will not get the expenses of medical
expenses,
if you are admitted in the hospital due to this disease from any other reason, even then
you will not get these charges, that is this policy will
not work, so friends, for this policy to
work, it is
very important for you to be admitted in the hospital for 24 hours, only
after that this policy will work for you, so
friends, I will give you its
ex-services list along with its
product brochure which will have all the
details, so you can go there and read
its detailed policy and terms and
conditions.  And
friends, I would also like to tell you
that if you want more information about this plan
or you want me to
tell you the premium according to your age
and with different options, then you
can WhatsApp me, you can email me
or you can also ask me in the comments,
then I will try to
answer this question with you, so friends, I hope
you have understood this plan, if
you understood this prank, then do
not forget to share this video with your friends
because in bullet time, when you
are admitted in the hospital and the financial crunch at that time, then only the
patient
with whom this incident has happened can understand, if you have this
policy, then it can provide you relief to a great extent
with the cash benefit, so friends,
thank you very much for watching this video, I will meet you in the next video